a_win by adam vs adam
a_win by RMS vs adam
cycle by adam vs RMS
cycle by RMS vs RMS
b_side_adam 승무패(35승 2무 13패)
cycle by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
cycle by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam
a_win by random vs adam
b_win by random vs adam

30승 8무 12패
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
cycle by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
b_win by random vs RMS
a_win by random vs RMS

31승 17패  2무
b_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
cycle by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
b_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
a_win by adam vs random
cycle by adam vs random

34승 5무 11패
a_win by RMS vs random
cycle by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
cycle by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
cycle by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
cycle by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
cycle by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random
b_win by RMS vs random
a_win by RMS vs random

a기준 22승 28패
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
b_win by random vs random
a_win by random vs random
